Adjust the retrans text to address Jen's Issue #19 (#21)
wkumari/draft-wkumari-dhc-addr-notification: draft-wkumari-dhc-addr-notification.md

The address registration client MUST refresh the registration before it expires (i.e. before the preferred lifetime of the IA address elapses) by sending a new ADDR-REG-NOTIFICATION to the address registration server.  If the address registration server does not receive such a refresh after the preferred lifetime has passed, it SHOULD remove the record of the Client-Identifier-to-IPv6-address binding.

> The client MUST refresh the registration after 1/3 of the Preferred Lifetime of the address has elapsed, or 4 hours (whichever is less). Such retransmissions should be jittered to avoid synchronization causing a large number of registrations to expire at the same time.

Author: I was thinking that if one is on a lossy network, and one wants to keep "refreshing" an entry, something like what most protocols do it the right thing -- e.g BGP sends 3 keepalives before the session dies. 
And, yes, 4 hours is a random number - these are for IPv6 addresses, and there are likely lots of available on a link, so we don't need a very short timeout (we don't need to reap them too quickly), but also having some sort of "hey, I'm still here" message seems useful.... so, something between 1 minute and 1 year, and 4 hours "sounded right" :-)

> The client MUST refresh the registration after 1/3 of the Preferred Lifetime of the address has elapsed, or 4 hours (whichever is less). Such retransmissions should be jittered to avoid synchronization causing a large number of registrations to expire at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The client MUST refresh the registration every ADDREG_REFRESH seconds.  By default  ADDREG_REFRESH  is min(1/3 of the Preferred Lifetime filed in the PIO; 4 hours ). Registration refresh packets SHOULD be retransmitted using the same logic as described in the 'Retransmission' section below. In particular, retransmissions SHOULD be jittered to avoid synchronization causing a large number of registrations to expire at the same time.
```

{TODO: Add some text around "feel free to ignore messages if it looks like a DoS attack" / your leases table is getting full. Note that this is an existing issue for DHCP and spoofed MACs (ask me how I know :-)) }

## Retransmission

> To reduce the effects of packet loss on registration, the client SHOULD retransmit initial registrations. Registrations should be retransmitted according to the Retrans Timer [RFC4861] specified by the Router Advertisement on the link. Retries should be jittered to prevent overloading the DHCP infrastructure when a new prefix is announced to the link via Router Advertisement.

Author: That works for me.

> To reduce the effects of packet loss on registration, the client SHOULD retransmit initial registrations. Registrations should be retransmitted according to the Retrans Timer [RFC4861] specified by the Router Advertisement on the link. Retries should be jittered to prevent overloading the DHCP infrastructure when a new prefix is announced to the link via Router Advertisement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reduce the effects of packet loss on registration, the client SHOULD retransmit initial registrations.Registrations SHOULD be retransmitted according to the retransmission logic described in Section 15 of RFC8415, using the following values:

*     IRT REG_TIMEOUT
*     MRT  0
*     MRC  REG_MAX_RC
*     MRD  0.

The default values for new configuration variables are listed below:

*    REG_TIMEOUT = 1 sec;
*   REG_MAX_RC = 4.

```

> To reduce the effects of packet loss on registration, the client SHOULD retransmit initial registrations. Registrations should be retransmitted according to the Retrans Timer [RFC4861] specified by the Router Advertisement on the link. Retries should be jittered to prevent overloading the DHCP infrastructure when a new prefix is announced to the link via Router Advertisement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To reduce the effects of packet loss on registration, the client SHOULD retransmit initial registrations up to ADDREG_MAX_RT times. The minimal interval between retransmissions MUST be at least ADDREG_RT_DELAY second and should be jittered to prevent overloading the DHCP infrastructure when a new prefix is announced to the link via Router Advertisement. It should be noted that ADDR-REG-NOTIFICATION is the first and the only DHCPv6 message which does not require any form of acknowledgement from the server, so   the retransmission logic described in Section 15 of RFC8415 is not really applicable.
```
